README.md, before:

<!-- HEADER SECTION -->
<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/titoretty/" target="_blank">Tito Retty</a></h1>
<h3 align="center">💻 Freelance Full-Stack Developer | MCA Student | Tech Enthusiast from Kerala, India</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=cero-100&label=Profile%20views&color=blueviolet&style=flat" alt="cero-100" />
</p>

---

### 📍 Contact Information

<p align="center">
📫 <a href="mailto:rettytito@gmail.com">rettytito@gmail.com</a> | 📞 +91 81389 53814  
🌍 Tiruvalla, Kerala, India  
🔗 <a href="https://github.com/CERO-100" target="_blank">GitHub</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/titoretty/" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>
</p>

---

### 🧑‍💼 Professional Summary

🎯 **Freelance Full-Stack Developer** and **MCA student** with expertise in **Python, Java, SQL, PHP**, and **MERN Stack Development**.  
Strong foundation in **Cyber Security**, **Ethical Hacking**, and **Cloud Computing**, with hands-on experience delivering scalable, secure, and user-friendly web applications.  
Proficient in **Database Management**, **API Integration**, and **UI/UX Design**. Passionate about **AI, Machine Learning**, and building solutions that inspire learning and growth.

---

### 🧰 Technical Skills

| Category | Tools & Technologies |
|-----------|----------------------|
| **Languages** | Python, Java, PHP, SQL, MySQL |
| **Web Technologies** | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js |
| **Frameworks** | Django, MERN Stack (Ongoing), Bootstrap |
| **Databases** | MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB |
| **Tools & Platforms** | Git, GitHub, VS Code, Docker, AWS, API Integration |

---

### 💼 Experience

#### 🏢 **Qtech Solutions** – Web Development Intern *(2023)*
- Contributed to full-stack development using **HTML, CSS, PHP, and MySQL**.  
- Designed and maintained **database-driven applications** supporting client operations.  
- Improved **front-end usability** and implemented optimized back-end features.

#### 👨‍💻 **Freelancer – Full-Stack Developer** *(2024 – Present)*
- Designed and developed **client-based applications** with secure backend and clean UI.  
- Built **scalable solutions** integrating APIs, databases, and responsive designs.  
- Managed **end-to-end project delivery** — requirements, development, testing, and deployment.

---

### 🎓 Education

- 🎓 **Master of Computer Applications (MCA)** — *Musaliar College of Engineering & Technology, Kerala* (2024 – 2026)  
- 🎯 **Fellow, NxtWave’s CCBP 4.0 Intensive Program** (2024 – 2026)  
- 🧾 **Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA)** — *Srinivas University, Mangalore* (2021 – 2024)

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects

#### 🧭 [Self-Learning Tracker](https://github.com/CERO-100/Self_Leaning_Tracker)
> **Django, MySQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap**  
> Platform helping students plan, track, and stay consistent in learning.  
> Includes skill-based roadmaps, progress tracking, and motivational badges.

#### 💉 [Blood Bank Management System](https://github.com/CERO-100/BloodBank)
> **PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS**  
> Role-based donor/recipient dashboard with secure data handling and contact features.

#### 💡 [Code Relay Event Website](https://cero-100.github.io/CodeRelay/)
> **HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap**  
> Official event website for Musaliar College’s coding challenge.  
> Coordinated logistics and led full-stack development. (View Certificate https://www.linkedin.com/posts/titoretty_musaliarcollege-eventcoordinator-leadershipexperience-activity-7333402334812684289-retY)

#### 🎮 [Game Genius Hub](https://github.com/CERO-100/GameGeniusHub)
> **PHP, MySQL, JS**  
> Platform for sharing game walkthroughs, updates, and reviews with optimized UI & performance.

#### 🧱 [College Productivity Website]()
> Repository of semester-wise notes, question papers, and materials for college students.

---

### 🏆 Certifications & Achievements

- 🥇 Coordinator and Developer — **Code Relay Event Website**  
- 📘 Completed **SQL Course** at NxtWave *(Certificate)*  
- 🧾 Completed **NPTEL DBMS Course** *(Result)*  
- 💪 Completed **30-Day & 50-Day Coding Challenges** *(NxtWave)*  
- 🌐 Completed **Responsive Website Development Course** *(Certificate)*  
- 🎤 Participated in University Debate — *“Is AI Dangerous?”*  
- 🚀 Built **College Productivity Website** to support academic communities.

---

### ⚙️ Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,java,php,js,html,css,react,nodejs,mongodb,mysql,bootstrap,git,github,docker,linux,aws,vscode" />
</p>

---

### 📊 GitHub Insights

<p align="center">
  <img height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=cero-100&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  <img height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=cero-100&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

### 🌐 Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/titoretty/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/CERO-100" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ig.___cero__/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/tit0.retty" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=facebook" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/uckxhdxjk3sj2ykqq18t8okq" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=youtube" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

### ✨ Quote I Live By

> “Discipline, Consistency, and Faith turn every dream into a milestone.”  

---

<p align="center">⭐️ Crafted with passion by <a href="https://github.com/CERO-100">Tito Retty</a></p>

Commit message:

Update README with new project links and descriptions
Added new projects and updated links in the README file.

README.md, after:

<!-- HEADER SECTION -->
<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/titoretty/" target="_blank">Tito Retty</a></h1>
<h3 align="center">💻 Freelance Full-Stack Developer | MCA Student | Tech Enthusiast from Kerala, India</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=cero-100&label=Profile%20views&color=blueviolet&style=flat" alt="cero-100" />
</p>

---

### 📍 Contact Information

<p align="center">
📫 <a href="mailto:rettytito@gmail.com">rettytito@gmail.com</a> | 📞 +91 81389 53814  
🌍 Tiruvalla, Kerala, India  
🔗 <a href="https://github.com/CERO-100" target="_blank">GitHub</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/titoretty/" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a>
</p>

---

### 🧑‍💼 Professional Summary

🎯 **Freelance Full-Stack Developer** and **MCA student** with expertise in **Python, Java, SQL, PHP**, and **MERN Stack Development**.  
Strong foundation in **Cyber Security**, **Ethical Hacking**, and **Cloud Computing**, with hands-on experience delivering scalable, secure, and user-friendly web applications.  
Proficient in **Database Management**, **API Integration**, and **UI/UX Design**. Passionate about **AI, Machine Learning**, and building solutions that inspire learning and growth.

---

### 🧰 Technical Skills

| Category | Tools & Technologies |
|-----------|----------------------|
| **Languages** | Python, Java, PHP, SQL, MySQL |
| **Web Technologies** | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js |
| **Frameworks** | Django, MERN Stack (Ongoing), Bootstrap |
| **Databases** | MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB |
| **Tools & Platforms** | Git, GitHub, VS Code, Docker, AWS, API Integration |

---

### 💼 Experience

#### 🏢 **Qtech Solutions** – Web Development Intern *(2023)*
- Contributed to full-stack development using **HTML, CSS, PHP, and MySQL**.  
- Designed and maintained **database-driven applications** supporting client operations.  
- Improved **front-end usability** and implemented optimized back-end features.

#### 👨‍💻 **Freelancer – Full-Stack Developer** *(2024 – Present)*
- Designed and developed **client-based applications** with secure backend and clean UI.  
- Built **scalable solutions** integrating APIs, databases, and responsive designs.  
- Managed **end-to-end project delivery** — requirements, development, testing, and deployment.

---

### 🎓 Education

- 🎓 **Master of Computer Applications (MCA)** — *Musaliar College of Engineering & Technology, Kerala* (2024 – 2026)  
- 🎯 **Fellow, NxtWave’s CCBP 4.0 Intensive Program** (2024 – 2026)  
- 🧾 **Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA)** — *Srinivas University, Mangalore* (2021 – 2024)

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects

#### 🧭 [Self-Learning Tracker](https://github.com/CERO-100/Self_Leaning_Tracker)
> **Django, MySQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap**  
> Platform helping students plan, track, and stay consistent in learning.  
> Includes skill-based roadmaps, progress tracking, and motivational badges.

#### 💉 [Blood Bank Management System](https://github.com/CERO-100/BloodBank)
> **PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS**  
> Role-based donor/recipient dashboard with secure data handling and contact features.

#### 💡 [Code Relay Event Website](https://cero-100.github.io/CodeRelay/)
> **HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap**  
> Official event website for Musaliar College’s coding challenge.  
> Coordinated logistics and led full-stack development. (View Certificate https://www.linkedin.com/posts/titoretty_musaliarcollege-eventcoordinator-leadershipexperience-activity-7333402334812684289-retY)

#### 🎮 [Game Genius Hub](https://github.com/CERO-100/GameGeniusHub)
> **PHP, MySQL, JS**  
> Platform for sharing game walkthroughs, updates, and reviews with optimized UI & performance.

#### 🧱 [College Productivity Website](https://github.com/CERO-100/order.github.io)
> Repository of semester-wise notes, question papers, and materials for college students.

#### 🎮 [Guess the number](https://github.com/CERO-100/Guss_The_Number)
> A fun and interactive number guessing game where the player tries to guess a randomly generated number within a specific range. The program provides hints like “Too High” or “Too Low” after each guess, guiding the player toward the correct number.

⚙️ Features
Random number generation using built-in libraries.
Dynamic feedback after each attempt.
Limited number of chances (configurable).
Option to restart the game after completion.
Simple and engaging user interface (CLI or web version).

#### 💊 [DrugDetection](https://github.com/CERO-100/drugDitection)
> The Drug Detection System is an intelligent machine learning-based application designed to analyze and predict the presence or risk of drug usage or drug-related substances based on given data or behavioral patterns. The system can be used in healthcare, law enforcement, or research environments to assist in identifying potential misuse or anomalies from patient or sample data.

⚙️ Features
🧾 Data Preprocessing: Cleans and normalizes user input or dataset for accurate predictions.
🌐 Web Interface: User-friendly interface for input submission and result visualization.
📊 Result Dashboard: Displays prediction outcomes with confidence score and details.
💾 Database Integration: Stores user inputs and results securely using MySQL.


---

### 🏆 Certifications & Achievements

- 🥇 Coordinator and Developer — **Code Relay Event Website**  
- 📘 Completed **SQL Course** at NxtWave *https://www.linkedin.com/posts/titoretty_introduction-to-databases-certification-activity-7318338204837859328-VjTd*  
- 🧾 Completed **NPTEL DBMS Course** *https://www.linkedin.com/posts/titoretty_the-nptel-database-management-system-exam-activity-7313553541665591296-gAVK*  
- 💪 Completed **30-Day & 50-Day Coding Challenges** *https://www.linkedin.com/posts/titoretty_consistency-focus-discipline-activity-7297218411573452800-FzEX*  
- 🌐 Completed **Responsive Website Development Course** *https://www.linkedin.com/posts/titoretty_responsivedesign-webdevelopment-learningjourney-activity-7257020383835402240-1joT*  
- 🎤 Participated in University Debate — *“Is AI Dangerous?”*  
- 🚀 Built **College Productivity Website** to support academic communities.

---

### ⚙️ Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,java,php,js,html,css,react,nodejs,mongodb,mysql,bootstrap,git,github,docker,linux,aws,vscode" />
</p>

---

### 📊 GitHub Insights

<p align="center">
  <img height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=cero-100&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  <img height="160" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=cero-100&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

### 🌐 Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/titoretty/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/CERO-100" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ig.___cero__/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/tit0.retty" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=facebook" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/uckxhdxjk3sj2ykqq18t8okq" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=youtube" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

### ✨ Quote I Live By

> “Discipline, Consistency, and Faith turn every dream into a milestone.”  

---

<p align="center">⭐️ Crafted with passion by <a href="https://github.com/CERO-100">Tito Retty</a></p>
